Adaptation, 10' Radius (Abjuration)
Level: 6
Source:  Great Net Prayerbook, V3
Sphere: Protection
Range: 0
Components: V, S, M
Duration: 1 turn per level
Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: All creatures within 10' radius sphere
Saving Throw: None

All those in the area of effect of this spell are affected as per the
fourth level spell Adaptation, up to a maximum of 2 persons per
level of the cleric (excluding the cleric, and rounding upwards).

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mass Cure (Necromancy) Reversible
Level: 6
Source:  Great Net Prayerbook, V3
Sphere: Healing
Range: 0
Components: V, S, M
Duration: Permanent
Casting Time: 7
Area of Effect: 1" per level radius sphere
Saving Throw: None

When this spell is cast, every creature in the area of effect
(including the caster) up to one creature per level of the caster is
cured for 1d8 plus 1/2 the level of the caster points of damage.  This
is as per Cure Light Wounds spell (q.v.).  The limitations on what
creatures can be thus affected is as per that spell.  If more creatures
than can be affected are within the spell radius, preference is given
to those closest to the cleric.  Also, if a near creature is not
affectable by the spell, it still counts towards the total number of
possible creatures cured.

The reverse of the spell does the same amount of points of damage to
all within the spell radius.  The material Components for this spell is
a vial of holy or unholy water that must be sprinkled into the air
above the caster's head while the spell is cast.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Polymorph into Tree (Alteration, Enchantment)
Level: 6
Source:  Great Net Prayerbook, V3
Sphere: Plant
Range: 6"
Components: V, S, M
Duration: Permanent
Casting Time: 8
Area of Effect: One creature per 2 levels
Saving Throw: Negates

This spell is similar to the polymorph other spell except that target
creatures can only be turned into trees (usually oak).  All creatures
get a saving throw to avoid the effects of this spell.  Those who fail
turn into trees with their minds trapped within.  Clothing, possession,
etc. are not transformed as part of the spell.  Those who save, feel
their limbs turn wooden and stiff (effects as if a slow spell were cast
upon them, with duration 2 rounds per level of the cleric).  To cast
this spell, the cleric needs a sprig of holly and tree sap from the
tree type to which the targets are being polymorphed into.  Only a wish
or a higher level cleric can reverse the effects of this spell.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Protection from Undead (Abjuration) Reversible
Level: 6
Source:  Great Net Prayerbook, V3
Sphere: Protection
Components: V, S, M
Range: 0
Casting Time: 1 round
Duration: 2 rounds per level
Saving Throw: None
Area of Effect: 3" radius sphere

This spell duplicates an effect of a Helm of Brilliance, causing the
cleric's holy symbol to glow a bright blue when undead are within 3".
All undead within this area and exposed to the light will take 1-6
points of damage per round, no saving throw.  Any creature under the
effects of this pain cannot cast offensive spells.  In addition, the
cleric receives a +1 bonus on his d20 rolls to turn undead in the area
of effect.

The reverse of the spell, Protect Undead, is cast on a single undead
creature (or paladin; see rules for evil clerics) and will either
nullify the effects of a Protection from Undead spell, or move the
spell recipient into one higher category for purposes of turning.
Example: a lich in spell combat with a 13th level cleric casts Protect
Undead on himself.  He is immune to the effects of any Protection from
Undead spell the other cleric casts, and requires that the cleric roll
a 19 on a d20 to turn him.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sacrifice (Necromancy)
Level: 6
Source:  Great Net Prayerbook, V3
Sphere: Necromantic
Range: Touch
Components: V, S
Duration: Special
Casting Time: 3 hours
Area of affect: Caster plus one other creature
Saving throw: Negates

This spell allows the Cleric to give up some of HP to another character
in order that he can be better able to complete a Quest.  This is not
"current HP" but "maximum HP".  The condition is reversed when the
character returns from the Quest successfully.  If the character fails,
the HP return to the Cleric at the rate of 1 per week.

Here's an example: Suppose a high level cleric (with 78 HP) wants Sir
Belvedere (80 HP) to retrieve a magical mace that was stolen.  Sir
Belvedere agrees, but only if the cleric Sacrifices 70 of his HP, to
ensure good faith and to help complete the mission.  The Cleric agrees,
and Sir Belvedere goes out in search of the mace.  At this point Sir
Belvedere effectively has 150 HP, and, for all intents and purposes his
maximum HP is now 150.  Likewise the Cleric's maximum HP total is 8.

Now suppose Sir Belvedere is successful in his mission.  When he
delivers the Mace to the Cleric, they both immediately return to their
normal maximum HP value.  (Although maybe not their current HP value,
if Sir Belvedere is wounded.)  (Current damage to the spell recipient
is split evenly among the two when HP are returned.)

But suppose Sir Belvedere was killed before the mission was complete.
That means that the Cleric will have to wait 70 weeks until he returns
to his normal maximum HP total.
