Avatar (Invocation)
Level: 7
Source:  Great Net Prayerbook, V3
Sphere: Charm
Range: 0
Components: V, S, M
Duration: Special
Casting Time: 5
Area of Effect: Caster
Saving Throw: None

The use of this spell brings forth very potent energies to the casters
disposal. The spell actually causes part of the caster's deity to
inhabit the caster. The caster will then become an Avatar of the god
with one of the god's aspects.

The Avatar will have the powers of a demi-power and will have the
casters choice of one of the classes the deity has experience in (one
of the Deity's aspects). In addition to these powers, the caster will
still retain his own powers and abilities. If the class chosen is the
same as one of the classes that the caster has, then he will have the
higher of the two levels.

The caster will retain the power until the situation no longer requires
it (plus a couple of rounds for mopping up), or the Avatar is killed.
If the Avatar is killed, then the deity loses the abilities of the
class for 1/10 of the time that the god would normally be "dead" as if
slain on his home plane.

In order to receive this spell at all, the caster must exemplary in his
faith. The spell, if used, would require special sacrificing
afterwards. Exactly when and how much depends on the god.

If the spell is used to confront another Avatar or Deity, then rather
than having a confrontation, the Deity may decide to do something else
instead, such as any form of indirect help. If the deities involved are
traditional enemies...

If the privilege of having this spell is misused in any way, then the
offending caster will be severely punished, maybe losing the
opportunity to cast this spell forever, or in a more serious
transgression, losing all clerical abilities as well forever.

The Deity is not enslaved by this spell and thus does not have to
answer the spell's partial summons. If the need is there, then more
than likely, the spell will be answered.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Awaken Forest (Enchantment/Charm, Divination)
Level: 7
Source:  Great Net Prayerbook, V3
Sphere: Plant
Range: 0
Components: V, S, M
Duration: 1 hour per level
Casting Time: 2 hours
Area of Effect: 10-mile + 1 mile per level radius area
Saving Throw: None

With this ceremony, the cleric call upon and wakens the spirit of the
forest.  The effects are that the cleric becomes one with the trees in
the area of effect.  Whatever happens in that area, the cleric
instantaneously knows.  He has the power to cause 1 tree per level
within that area to animate as if it were a treant.  Any real treants
in the area become aware of him and are receptive to any suggestions
made by the cleric. A Changestaff (cf. Changestaff spell) is needed to
if any trees are animated.  Each tree animated reduced the Changestaff
by one hit die.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Death Warrior (Invocation)
Level: 7
Source:  Great Net Prayerbook, V3
Sphere: Combat
Range: 0
Components: V, S, M
Duration: 2 rounds per level
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: Caster
Saving Throw: None

It is only a god of War, Death or a deity that is perverse who will
allow his followers to use a spell such as this.

The spell is cast when the caster has been struck his death blow. The
spell cannot be cast if the caster is knocked below his level in
negative hit points in any one round. The spell can be cast even if the
caster had already cast a spell in the combat round.  It is very
difficult for the caster not to get the spell off.

The effects of the spell occur immediately. The caster has all his or
her spells memorised, and his level and hit points are doubled for the
duration of the spell. The caster will not have any more spells than
his normal level would allow. The caster will fight insanely and attack
all foe in sight until the spell ends, the caster dies again, the
caster casts another death warrior spell, or the spell duration ends.

When the spell finally ends, the caster immediately dies, and the body
vanishes, not to be found. The Deity personally collects the soul of
the caster.

The caster will use the spell if he thinks that there is a battle that
he will not survive in and will thus try to use this spell for a last
revenge.

The caster cannot be brought back to life, but if a group of
adventurers went and petitioned the Deity of the caster, then the Deity
may decide to free the casters soul in exchange for a service (a
suitably long quest will do...).

The spell, when cast, causes the caster's holy symbol to destroy itself
in a dramatic manner (blows up in a flash of light and sound, melts,
etc.) but causes no other effect. If the spell is to be cast a second
time, then the caster will require a second symbol.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Henley's Digit of Disruption (Invocation)
Level: 7
Source:  Great Net Prayerbook, V3
Sphere: Combat
Range: 1/2" per level
Components: V, S
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 7
Area of Effect: One undead
Saving Throw: Special

This spell is a powerful weapon against undead creatures.  When it is
cast, a thin ray about 1 cm in diameter springs forth from the cleric's
pointing finger and strikes the selected target.  Any undead creature
so struck must save versus magic or take 6d8 of damage and roll on
percentile dice as if hit with a Mace of Disruption.  If the save is
made, the affected creature takes 4d8 of damage, with the remaining 2d8
striking the cleric in a backlash of energy.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lifeforce (Alteration, Invocation)
Level: 7
Source:  Great Net Prayerbook, V3
Sphere: Combat
Range: 9"
Components: V, S, M
Duration: Permanent
Casting Time: 8
Area of Effect: Caster and one target creature
Saving Throw: None

Through the use of this spell, the caster is pitting his lifeforce
against that of the target creature.  This is the pure confrontation of
two being's will to live.  Each rolls 1d20 and adds it to his or its
current hit points.  This can be modified by bless, chant, prayer, ring
of protection, cloak of protection, luckstone, luck sword, wisdom
bonus, etc.

If the target creature's total is less than 1/2 the caster's total,
then the target creature is overwhelmed and dies (in this case, the
caster suffers fatigue equal to 1/2 the target's roll in hit points).
If the target creature's total is less than the caster's total but more
than 1/2 the caster's total, then the target is stunned for 2d4 rounds
(-5 to AC, initiatives, saves, "to hit" and damage rolls) and the
caster suffers fatigue equal to the difference in totals.  If the
target's total is more than the caster's, then the caster dies and the
target suffers damage equal to the difference in totals.  Fatigue is
recovered at a rate of 1 hit point per round.  The material component
for this spell is the cleric's holy or unholy symbol, a pair of ivory
six-sided dice (worth 200 GP) and a drop of the caster's blood.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Razorwind (Alteration, Invocation)
Level: 7
Source:  Great Net Prayerbook, V3
Sphere: Combat, Elemental (Air)
Range: 5 yards per level
Components: V, S, M
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 8
Area of Effect: One creature
Saving Throw: Special

By means of this spell, the caster brings about a transformation of the
air about himself, "compressing" large volumes of it into a minute area
and sending it at a target.  Though this wind has no actual "edge," it
is highly effective when it strikes its target, causing 1d8 points of
damage per level of the caster.  In addition, the victim of the
Razorwind must make a saving throw vs. Rods or an extremity will be
severed (as per a blow from a Sword of Sharpness)!  This saving throw
is modified by "+1" for each plus of magical armour the target is
wearing (only armour: not shields, rings, bracers, etc).  In addition
persons wearing plate mail or better receive an extra "+1" on the
saving roll.

Because such a large volume of air is needed to create the Razorwind,
this spell can only be cast outdoors or in a chamber of vast size (DM's
discretion).  If it is cast in a smaller, confined area (e.g., indoors
or underground passage), it will not function and everyone in the area
will suffer a momentary loss of air.

The material components for this spell are the holy symbol of the
caster, a bloodstone, and a small, flat piece of steel.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Treegrowth (Alteration)
Level: 7
Source:  Great Net Prayerbook, V3
Sphere: Plant
Range: Touch
Components: V, S, M
Duration: Permanent
Casting Time: 7 rounds
Area of Effect: One HD per level, one creature, or one building
Saving Throw: Negates

Causes a plant of desired type to start growing upon the target, which
can be a person, building.. whatever. This plant shall feed on the life
force of the target creature, or if cast on something that has none,
then on whatever other energy it can find and use.

If the target is a building, then the plant shall simply grow
in/on/around it, possibly causing structural damage, as specified by
the cleric. It takes seven hours for the plant to grow to full size, so
this spell shall not work as an Instant Ladder. It can, on the other
hand, be used to hide an entrance or make a treasure cache quite
undetectable.

If the target is a creature with life force (or other energy, undeads
and golems are not immune), the plant shall feed on the life force of
the target creature, draining one level of energy until the target is
dropped to -1 hit dice, and dies. The abilities fall as fast as the hit
dice. So, a ninth level character with strength 18 and intelligence 9
would lose 2 points of strength, 1 hit die, and 1 point of
intelligence, among other things, for nine rounds, and then die. The
corpse of the target creature shall then turn into parts of the plant.
For this, Raise Dead etc. is not possible, having intelligence zero
makes Speak with Dead impossible. On the other hand, such a victim can
Reincarnate, and Talk with Plants is not hindered, as the mind remains
within the plant.

This is a spell that is very seldom used by druids because of its long
casting time and obvious evilness. It is used on old druids that feel
that their life is at an end and wish to live on in the grove, or as a
partial retribution on those who destroy plant life needlessly or
violate any dryad, supposing either is within the protection of a
druid.
