The Great Net Prayerbook.




I'd like to thank the following people for posting all of these
prayers:

alh92@campus.swarthmore.edu		Jon Broadfield
ars3_cif@uhura.cc.rochester.edu		Phrixus
cl2g@andrew.cmu.edu			Charles Anthony (Tony) Leone
dkk@mit.edu				David Krikorian
esemeniuk@dahlia.waterloo.edu		Ed Semeniuk
f35437c@saha.hut.fi			Aki Taskinen
gefagan@uokmax.uucp			Geoffrey Fagan
jarvis@northstar68.dartmouth.edu	Mark A. Robinson
j.d.coleman@newcastle.ac.uk		Julian Coleman 
mrspock@hubcap.uucp			???
rterrell@ncratl.atlanta.ncr.com		Roger Terrell
sater@cis.ohio-state.edu		Ronald P. Sater
tsc0265@rigel.tamu.edu			teh "csc outcast" cheng
walker@dalcsug.uucp			Paul D. Walker
wsbusr@eutws1.win.tue.nl		Boudewijn Wayers
Address unknown				Brain Dawson
Address unknown				Scott Neilly

When I started out, I was going to put each author's name next to each
prayer. Then I started getting two and three copies of the same prayer,
and decided to just put their names here, so if you have a question,
get in touch with one of these people, not with me.

Note that some of the prayers contained in the Great Net Prayerbook have
been copyrighted by the author. Permission has been granted by these
authors to copy and freely distribute copies of their work, so long as
no commercial or barter considerations are obtained in exchange for
such copies. All prayers are for personal use only. If you distribute
these prayers, you must also distribute these copyright conditions and
the names of the authors and editors.

After receiving these prayers, I have gone through all of them, edited
them to make the format uniform, and to make them more legible. Note
that I did not change the wordings in any way, except in some obvious
cases of spelling errors. Furthermore, when no level was indicated, I
(or cscon113@uoft02.utoledo.edu) just guessed what level it was to be
in. Also, in those cases where no school, range, area of effect, or the
like was supplied, I made one up.

Game Masters should be sure to check these prayers, and make sure they
are right for the way you run your campaign. Some are awfully powerful
but some could use a little more kick, that is for you to decide.


Boudewijn Wayers (wsbusr@eutws1.win.tue.nl).
